-Software Used: cisco AnyConnect(for VPN), XQuartz, python, numpy, matplotlib, git

-Accessing the Code: In order to access the code you will need to download the software listed above (some mac specific). Then you will need to connect to the VPN and log into coen-bascottie. Once logged in you will have access to all of the data and code for the project. 

-Running the Data: In order to run the data you would simply need to access the code using the staps from above then continue with connecting to git and cloning your repository then jump into the terminal with a code such as "python plot.py raw-data/..." and fill in with the specific data you want to use. For example the full code would look like "python plot.py raw-data/Sp15_245L_sect-001_group-1_glass.raw" to pull the graphs for the glass data.

-Notes: In this project the tab command allong with the up and down arrow keys were my best friend. These allowed me to get things done at a much faster pase then I would have been able to go on my own. The tab command allows the system to fill in your code if it recognizes the first few letters of what you've typed.

-Example of Running Code: To run the code follow these steps. Step one, open terminal. Step two, login to coen-bascottie. Step three, "cd p1-start". Step four, "python plot.py rawdata/ Sp(whatever file you want)" then press enter. Then a graph of the data will show. The black line is just the data, the red line will be the linear fit of the data(as shown in the legend). After this a value for the Youngs Modulus will appear. 

-What I Learned: I honetly knew absolutly nothing about anything we have done in the project prior to starting. Despite this, I wasn't stressed, and simply eased my way in and looked back through all the resources available. By the end of the project I have learned how to navigate terminal, access and modify vim files, understand Young's Modulus. The biggest "aha" moment was realizing the usefullness of vim. At first it seemed like a harder to use microsoft word in the sense that they were both for "text editing" and this project taught me that I was completley wrong. Instead I now look at vim as a useful too in which to write and edit code in an easy and simple way.
